I was wondering if you could give us a pith instruction that includes all of the pith instructions?
Just blend one's own mind. This is the teaching of the Buddha.
I think there's a Buddha game already.
Not engaging, or trying to not engage into any negative activities, and always perform that as much
as we can do with choose.
With choose means good thought, good heart, and then calm down your mind, or one's own mind.
This is the teaching of the Buddha, or this is my teaching. That's what Buddha says.
Thank you, Richard. How does it include all the pith instructions? Will you explain how it includes
all of them?
Some teachers say not engaged in any negative activity, it is the essence of the Vinaya teachings.
Perform all the virtuous activities, and that is like sutta teachings, essence.
Then, just blend one's own mind, and that's the really teaching of the Abhidhana.
So this three pitaka, this basket teaching, is the combined contents of all the Buddha teachings.
Thank you very much.
And then also, it is the morality, concentration, and wisdom, three extraordinary trainings of the
Buddhas.
Thank you.